Oh
okay so I got some wood now it's up to
you guys what I'm gonna do with this
Shack I really don't want to do with it
oh it's getting dark already you kidding
me oh it's going to be so annoying add
AFK or something yeah so I hit a roof
that's my main priority is building a
roof as far as things go what do you
guys want to see as far as like
buildings go and don't be don't say like
a tower filled with purple penises
Pierce whatever the pluralism because I
would just give you the purpose i want
you to see us something really cool i
can build on the ice like for example a
forge so when you walk into a room
that's like a ton of furnaces they can
smelt and make cool stuff yeah i live
know what to do with this I told you to
fuck off last video what you're doing
here again he's a shit go down home fuck
off anyway I'll leave it up to you guys
but the the idea is if you named my
stuff i'll put a signpost here or
something or here wherever and i put a
sign on the ground round about here with
a commenters name assuming your name is
not like Lord faggot is my javis and a
bunch of like 20,000 numbers after you
dang just give me an abbreviation you
want so let's just say you say dude
fishes wet panties and put your name
there an abbreviation like Kyle instead
of like Kyle 77 22 33 997 okay so you
get on that and i'll get on hiding in
this house until they like
we look now from the humble pig of the
mountain as he grazes innocent and he
goes out of my camera view fucking
bastard trying to a little commentary on
some pigs it goes and fucks off well
there's a zombie I'm gonna zoom in on
the zombie nope it takes back the pig
has called my attention he's looking at
me he's what pig what what are you doing
you're worse than I am with camera
panned come on crazy Pig oh I mean it
come back there you go are you going I'm
gonna fucking come on then I'm gonna
heat with his pumpkin but if I want
three zombies over there would you lucky
bastard golden it'll always a creek what
da fuck 1 2 3 4 and this three behind a
tree well I am fucked I'm just gonna
stay in here oh there's more what the
hell is going on over there is a fucking
orgy oh good god ah come on go down
already moon
the sun'll come out tomorrow bet chea
minecraft dollar Oh tomorrow the Sun is
rising yes excuse me for my horrible
singing but the Sun is here we can now
plan our day okay the monsters I was
just looking at disappeared now of the
replace of the spider I'm thinking a
spider came along it was like fuck your
shit motherfuckers and they went off
somewhere no no there's a skeleton there
now okay well i was a creeper behind
there I'm is what okay I don't like this
where do they come from and what did the
rest go because they were all there a
minute ago and there was no creepers day
before or a skeleton or another creeper
it's gonna stay Oh is you give me
funnies we're not gonna hide till he
burns is he humping that tree what is he
doing he's having a good old time honey
oh he stopped he's done he said no oh no
something in the tree and he's burning
because of it the tree did not like his
actions and side of said I'm on fire
fuck you skeleton that is what you get
having a two-timing whore now okay
someone told me the spiders term
friendly in the day ok now I'm reluctant
to go to the spider but if it's going to
erase the fear of these motherfuckers
during a day I will gladly walk up to
this spider oh god what's he gonna do to
me don't attack me please I'm gonna shit
my pants I'm gonna shit so bad I'm gonna
shit oh there's gonna be so much shit I
could build an empire oh oh he's looking
at me is he friendly are you sure he's
friendly ok Oh always looking at me oh
gosh Oh jumped I don't like him fuck
that I'm never going near those guys
I don't care whether they're friendly or
not fuck them we're rocking for because
it is I don't want to stereo some pix
elated spider here my friend fuck you
spider fuck you know so manly kills me
sometimes anyway I supposed to do
something you know what no fuck it i'm
not going to anything this video i'm
going to wait a few comments before i do
anything could have no trees left at
this point just innocent i was greater
than just a sheep ok sheep give me your
wall so i can make painting do i do this
every video do i hit a sheep I really
got to stop that I'm sorry look I know
it's Christmas look at me look at me
when I'm talking to you also help me
don't show me your ass you and I look at
me I'm give you one last chance I'm
sorry I'm trying to apologize oh you
motherfucker so you get so you get you
rude son of a bitch he's trying to pull
just some people I'll give a shit what
you say oh she's scary I don't want to
go down there yet it's gonna be like
cave eventually I think borrow into now
my hole in the wall Oh place in the wall
yes hmm Oh what are you doing a bear pig
come on now it's not your home they're
more than what the two of you bet
suicidal pigs man what's going on don't
jump off there come on diculous how do I
get up here now put one there um one
there there ok get down no oh oh no you
next come on you friend died you have to
die too i'm sorry mr. pig
he died an honorable death giving pork
to the masses and by the masses I mean
my face that's all going to use it for
he's my face thank you you did not die
in vain Pig you die doing what you loved
free-falling not to being hit by a sword